Title: 800

<div class="container bg-white my-5">
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-3"></div>
    <div class="col-6">
      <h1 mt-5>800.com</h1>
      <hr class="bg-success pt-2 mx-0 w-50" />
    </div>
    <div class="col-3"></div>
  </div>
  <div class="row">
    <div class="col-3 p-4 sidebar">
      <h3 class="mt-0">Highlights</h3>
      <ul>
        <li>50 SMS Alerts</li>
        <li>29 Slack Alerts</li>
      </ul>
      <h3>Company</h3>
      <p>800.com bases its reputation on its ability to provide connectivity for sales calls, support calls, and other critical phone calls crucial to their customers' businesses.</p>
      <h3>Challenge</h3>
      <p>For 800.com, priorities included both visibility into the issue and flexibility of the toolset. DevOps wanted a system built for everyone, but with the power and flexibility that tech desires.</p>
      <h3>Solution</h3>
      <p>Alerts that improve observability reduce time to response. What can DevOps see, and where do those alerts arrive? With Uptime.com, 800.com developed a central location to create monitors and review metrics, with confidence that alerts trigger as soon as outages happen.</p>
      <h3>Results</h3>
      <p>Uptime.com bridges the gap between powerful and intuitive, offering a robust API and an intuitive UI. These two components allow for efficient deployment.</p>
    </div>
    <div class="col-6 p-4">
      <h2 class="mt-0">
          Introduction
      </h2>
      <p>
          <a href="https://www.800.com/" rel="noopener">800.com</a>
          lets anyone run their business from a cell phone, with toll-free and vanity
          phone numbers, auto attendants, call routing and more. Serving over 30,000
          users, 800.com helps businesses find the perfect 800 number.
      </p>
      <h2>
          800.com Required Uninterrupted Connectivity
      </h2>
      <p>
          Customers were reporting outages before 800 could detect them, which left
          DevOps in a reactive state and hindered development. The primary directive:
          provide uninterrupted connectivity so 800's users can handle their
          business.
      </p>
      <p>
          In evaluating monitoring solutions, 800's requirements were as follows:
      </p>
      <ul>
          <li>
              An interface that is intuitive even for non-engineers
          </li>
          <li>
              <a href="/domain-health-monitoring?hsLang=en">
                  One tool
              </a>
              for all server monitoring tasks
          </li>
          <li>
              An
              <a
                  href="https://support.uptime.com/hc/en-us/articles/360009681280-Getting-Started-with-the-Uptime-com-REST-API"
                  rel="noopener"
              >
                  API for in-house customization
              </a>
              , and full integration with existing tools
          </li>
      </ul>
      <p>
          Seeking a robust and comprehensive solution, 800.com partnered with
          Uptime.com.
      </p>
      <h2>
          Prompt Alerting and Rapid Deployment Were Critical for 800.com
      </h2>
      <p>
          800.com prides itself on the fast and reliable service it offers in
          handling incoming calls. If services go down, 800's customers can't connect
          to clients. That hurts 800.com, but most importantly its customers.
      </p>
      <p>
          Uptime.com helps 800.com with the monumental task of monitoring call
          routings and greetings. DevOps rests easy with the knowledge that when
          infrastructure goes down, the team will be alerted immediately with the
          technical details to respond.
      </p>
      <p>
          "Most
          <a href="/uptime-monitoring?hsLang=en">
              monitoring tools
          </a>
          are built by engineers, for engineers. They are complicated to set up and
          maintain, wasting hours of engineering building infrastructure that will
          not positively impact our bottom line (but definitely negatively impact it
          when things go wrong). Allowing any tech savvy person on our team to set up
          and keep an eye on the monitors frees up tons of engineering time."
      </p>
      <h2>
          800.com Improved Observability and Efficiency
      </h2>
      <p>
          Not just what went down, but why. 800.com relied on Uptime.com to provide
          the tools needed for speedy downtime resolution.
      </p>
      <p>
          Support tickets related to downtime are a thing of the past. 800.com no
          longer hears about 404 and 500 errors from customers. The proactive
          approach saves support costs and helps ensure 800.com remains a leader in
          the telecommunications industry.
      </p>
      <p>
          Uptime.com provides an intuitive and well-documented API system, enabling
          800 DevOps to
          <a href="/integrations?hsLang=en">
              build integrations from the ground up
          </a>
          . This flexibility allows anyone on the team, regardless of technical
          skill, to monitor, create checks, and utilize the Uptime.com system.
      </p>
      <p>
      With an "out-of-the-box" Slack integration, 800.com was able to quickly    <a href="/alerting?hsLang=en">configure alerts</a> to
          arrive where the team lives and works. It's easy to follow up on alerts,
          everyone has visibility on downtime, all with no extra software needed.
      </p>
      <blockquote class="blockquote">
          "Our website consists of many different pages, all handled by a CMS and
          stored in our database. One day, we got a notification from Uptime.com
          alerting us that one page had disappeared. And then another. And another.
          <br/>
          <br/>
          Turns out we had a simple database issue. We were alerted before any
          developer (and more importantly, any customer) knew something was wrong.
          This saved us time and money. We could have spent hours, maybe days
          wondering why the sign ups were all of suddenly slow." -Andre Gonclaves,
          800.com Product Engineering
      </blockquote>
    </div>
    <div class="col-3 p-4">
      {% include 'read_more.html' %}
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
