Title: Uptime Bot

{% from 'banner.html' import banner %} 
{{ banner("What is Uptimebot?",
  "",
  "bg-white",
  "bg-success"
)}}

<div class="container bg-white my-5">
  <p>Uptimebot was Uptime.com&rsquo;s autonomous uptime detection robot, which used to periodically visit websites across the web and check the uptime of each site. This bot crawled the web from a cluster of computers, accessing thousands of websites each day.</p>
  <p>This data enabled companies and website owners alike to better understand the uptime and response time of their site(s). This bot was decommissioned on June 27, 2019.</p>
  <h3><strong>Why do I still see Uptime.com traffic?</strong></h3>
  <p>While UptimeBot traffic has ceased, you may find traffic from Uptime.com in your logs. This traffic has been set up by you or someone monitoring your site (usually a parent company). As an uptime monitoring company, we make every effort to minimize Uptime.com's impact on servers.&nbsp;</p>
  <p>Any hits generated by Uptime.com monitoring can be identified via the User-Agent found in&nbsp;<a href="https://support.uptime.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003150260-Filter-Uptime-com-Traffic-from-Analytics-or-Database-">our support documentation here</a>.</p>
  <h3><strong>How do I block Uptime.com from checking the Uptime of my site?</strong></h3>
  <p>We believe that the information provided free-of-charge to all website domains within the&nbsp;<a href="https://uptime.com/status?hsLang=en">Uptime Public Profiles</a>&nbsp;is a valuable asset for sites looking to gain insight into their website uptime performance.</p>
  <p>However, if you are seeing traffic from Uptime.com and you are not sure of its source please contact us at&nbsp;<a href="mailto:support@uptime.com">support@uptime.com</a>.</p>
</div>